feat: otel hook improvements (#312)
open-feature/java-sdk-contrib: hooks/open-telemetry/README.md

OpenFeature provider various ways to register hooks. The location that a hook is registered affects when the hook is
run. It's recommended to register the `OpenTelemetryHook` globally in most situations, but it's possible to only enable
the hook on specific clients. You should **never** register the `OpenTelemetryHook` both globally and on a client.

Consider following code example for usage,

```java
    final Tracer tracer = ... // derive Tracer from OpenTelemetry
    
    // Set OpenTelemetry hook globally
    OpenFeatureAPI.getInstance().addHooks(new OpenTelemetryHook());

    // OpenFeature client
    final Client client = api.getClient();    
     
    // Derive span from OTEL tracer
    Span span = tracer.spanBuilder("boolEvalLogic").startSpan();
    
    // flag evaluation - Hook's span is derived from current context
    try(Scope ignored =  span.makeCurrent()) {
        final Boolean boolEval = client.getBooleanValue(FLAG_KEY, false);
    } finally {
        span.end();
    }
```

### Options

Options can be provided through `OpenTelemetryHookOptions` based constructor.

> - setErrorStatus: Control Span error status. Default is false - Span status is unchanged for hook error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- setErrorStatus: Control Span error status. Default is false - Span status is unchanged for flag evaluation error.
```

Author: thank you @thiyagu06 , this's done :)
